Please review and update as needed (#2)
flupes/svplume: projects/project-main-cabin-table.md

---
title: Main Cabin Table and Cushions
permalink: /projects/project-main-cabin-table/
layout: default
---

### Main Cabin Table and Cushions 

Plume’s original table was generously sized, making it easy to seat four or five people, which was perfect when we had guests. However, it also occupied much of the cabin space, and lowering it to convert into a berth proved cumbersome as it involved removing a metal pole supporting the table.

{% picture projects/project-main-cabin-large-table.jpg --alt original large table --img class="img-small"%}
<p style="text-align: center; font-style: italic;">
  Original table with four guests
</p>

> To make life on board easier, we decided to cut the table into two sections. The forward part stays down at all times (with no need for a supporting pole), giving us a cozy spot to sit back, relax, or play. The aft part slides smoothly up and down the compression post: raised, it becomes a small table just right for three or four people; lowered, it turns the cabin into a spacious berth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make life on board easier, we decided to separate the two sections and build a new support that uses the compression post. The forward part stays down at all times (with no need for a supporting pole), giving us a cozy spot to sit back, relax, or play. The aft part slides smoothly up and down the compression post: raised, it becomes a small table just right for three or four people; lowered, it turns the cabin into a spacious berth.
```
Maybe we should not format the text to 80 char, and keep full paragraph on one line... to be refined.
